 These are the changes to be made. Will go section-wise and list them out. Tomorrow or so, we can have  a call and  discuss and clarify things.

I] HOME PAGE

a) tabs -- HOME /  ABOUT / OWNER / WHY INVEST? / GALLERY / FLOOR PLANS / CONTACT
b) instead of "fort rd.gulbarga.now open"    we edit it to  -- CLEAR TITLE. COMPLETE DOCUMENTATION. NOW OPEN
c)  In the Every detail, thoughtfully engineered section-- 
Remove 1. mall+high-street retail  2. air conditioned shops  3.false ceiling and decor  4.cooling for common areas
Add : Clear titles - E khata, Tax receipts and registration ready ( to be added in the first row of options)

so, now this section will have 9 tiles in all post this editing. 

d) completely remove this section-- featured available shops

II] ABOUT

3RD PARAGRAPH - please change Vinod tiwari to --> Vishal Vinod Tiwari

III] OWNER -- No changes to be made 

IV] WHY INVEST?
a) change name of tab to Why invest?
b) make bold--> "Clear titles/documentation" in the intro para starting with- commercial real estate........
c) remove this complete section - estimate your rental returns 
d) After the 4 reasons sections, the following needs to be added and highlighted: (note: open to ideas on how to frame it and get the message across. just sharing the jist of it) 

we want to highlight that the shops for sale now are already generating income from an Anchor client, which is a leading consumer durable retailer, established in 1983 and  providing high-quality electronics, appliances and home goods.

V] GALLERY 
a) walkthrough video to be added at the beginning ( will send the video soon)
b) current pics ( around 3 to 4 pics, will send it soon) 

VI] FLOOR PLANS 

a) show layout plan of all floors( image unclear and shop numbers not visible. can we enhance the quality or what are our options ? ) 
click and pop up showing details ( this is only for the marked sections of Upper ground and First floor ie, 6 units in all )
b) rest all shops-- once clicked on must show it as "NOT AVAILABLE" 
c) footer: update showcased units available to book to --> 6

[NOTE: marked sections on those floors was sent by anita in the previous mails]

VII] CONTACT

a) name change to --> VISHAL VINOD TIWARI
b) call us --> 9845365065 ( remove all other numbers)
c) update google maps link--  Prakash asian mall booking office 
